h2. Scala training - code

This github project is the code used for the Scala training course. It is recommended to solve them supervised during a training session.

The slides which go along with the code is kept at "Scala training slides":http://github.com/javaBin/scala-training-slides. You should check out the readme in the slide project to understand a little bit more of the background for the training class and how we performed it.

h3. Topics

The code has been divided into the following topics
* Intro - a little warm up
* First class functions - various exercises covering use of first class functions
* Pattern matching - various types of pattern matching
* oo-traits - exploring some of the topics around object orientation and trait support. Also a few exercises exploring syntax.

We believe these tasks are enough for day one of the course. Second day would typically be only the quiz project, which is a larger task. To solve it you must parse some XML, write a console app and a Scala Swing app.

h3. Solutions

All the tasks have been solved in a Git branch called 'solutions'. You may also download this code directly from Github with the following link:

"http://github.com/javaBin/scala-training-code/zipball/solutions":http://github.com/javaBin/scala-training-code/zipball/solutions       

h3. License

The training course is licensed under "Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported":http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/.

All this means, is that you need to credit Fredrik Vraalsen (fredrik@vraalsen.no) and Alf Kristian Støyle (alf.kristian@gmail.com) of scalaBin for the original work. Apart from that you may do whatever you please with the work.

We hope you find this useful.
